So on Friday, you know what we did? What Kalina? I go, let's go to the set.
Remember, go for your show. Yeah. Did you have fun then? I did it.
You met Jenna Fischer, Dan or Hudson? She met what's the guy's name? Oh, um,
Oh my God. Why did I block all of a sudden Portlandia, Portlandia.
God. Yeah. Justin was there. You know what he said to me?
What are you doing here? He said that he is,
I almost get so angry. Might be a bit, cause it's spread army. You know how I,
you know how I took it? I don't work a lot. And it's a shock.
You knew what else did that? To me, it burned my bridges with them. Who?
Years ago, years ago, I don't give a. I don't wanna have a bar.
about this one exclusive years ago,
Neil Brennan comes up to me and goes, Hey, you know Seth, right? Meyers.
I go, yeah, let's go to his birthday party. It's up the street. Right.
So I go, do you think I can go? He's like, yeah, because Josh is there.
I just talked to them. You can come.
So I went to the party and then some guy walks up to me.
I'm going to say his name. And he looks at me, not in a joking way. I was like,
what the are you doing here?
That way immediately the bridge is burned
forever. This guy I've been talking about this guy.
I can't anymore because there's too much. There's a little bit of a sensitivity.
Oh really? Because of this job that I have now that's in that world. So I can't,
can you whisper it in my ear? No. Okay. Oh no. I'm so like, okay.
You want to play a trivia game? Can you get to guess who it is? Okay. Okay.
It's somebody that I work with now on the show that I have now, it was,
she worked with this guy on another show. Hold on, hold on.
She worked with this guy on another show.
I wouldn't know. You'd probably know better. Um.
That does not help that help. Oh, I know it is.
Yes it is. I say it just, it, I.
Won't say it, but yes. Wow. That was good.
Because I'm going to, and if this could all be in my head,
but I don't think it is Mike.
I'll tell you why I tell you what I'll tell you why it's not in my head. Why?
Because then a couple of years after that,
I was at M cafe and I sat next. I sat next right next to him.
Right. And he was sitting there talking to literally,
we're like a side by side and I kind of leaned to my left just so he can see my
face. And he kind of looked up at me and just started if he was going to,
if he went, Hey, I'd be like, what's up? You know what I mean?
But he just kind of looked up and then went back into his meal and started
talking to him. He does to me there.
So with what are you doing here to looking up at me at M
cafe? That bridge is very on, not a good foundation,
but here's my last thing though. Is this? Yeah.
But here's why this.
Is why I'm mad. Because when he first moved to the town,
you knew Bonnie McFarland is Richard boss's wife. Yeah. Okay.
Years ago,
Bonnie was at the comedy store and had just moved into town or whatever.
And Bonnie goes, why? Cause the back then I was sober, but I,
so I had all these connections to all these nightclubs.
I would go to nightclubs. I would go to like Hollywood, like scene,
but you hate it. I know. But back then I was like, I couldn't get laid.
You know, I was newly sober. I was on mat TV. I was like,
I've got to get this to go on.
I did not know clever. I'm not a Clover, but I went clubbing.
It turns out, unpack this more. What was your so on Monday nights to the club.
Oh, I look good.
I got a whole diesel old diesel clothes here. I'm like.